User Manual   

Welcome to Fraction Runner, an educational running game!

In this game, the object is to see how long you can stay alive.
Upon start, the player is asked to write a number.  
The game puts player’s number in a fraction as the denominator over the same number of 9s. 
(Example: 443 becomes 443/999)
The division produces a string of repeating decimals which will be the ground.
(From our earlier example: 443/999 becomes 0.443443443...)
The player runs on top of the numbers using Jump, Duck, or Attack to stay alive.  
The player that stays alive the longest time is the winner.
When running, check out the repeating decimals.. can you find the number 8?

On the Home Screen you will see three choices:
Fraction Runner – select when you are ready to begin the game
Introduction Page – click to learn more about the game and its developers
Top 100 Scoreboard – pick this to see who has the high score

Controls: 
Each character can perform three different actions:
*Jump – spacebar or click jump
*Attack – enter or click attack
*Duck – down or click duck

Gameplay:
At the start, the player is asked to select a character.
There is no skill difference between the characters.  
When starting the game, the player must pick a number up to 999,999,999.
After entering the number, the running game begins.

The object of the game is to see how long the player can stay alive.
The timer starts at the beginning of the game.
Once the player has been hit by an object, the game is over.  
The time is calculated and added to the Scoreboard.

Tips and Tricks:
*There are three different obstacles.  Each one can only be defeated by the correct action.
*Use Jump when a hole appears
*Use Duck when a bat is flying
*Use Attack to break a wall
*The runner will speed up as time continues.  Stay alert!
*See if you can be the first of your friends to spot the number 8 on the ground.

We Thank you for playing Fraction Runner.  Can you stay alive until you see the number 8?
